Kore.ai Interview Question Bank

1.	What version of Kore.ai you have used as part of your work experience?10.1

2.	What are the new features introduced as part of the version you used?

3.	What all different channels you integrated as part of your kore.ai project? IVR n chat

4.	What is the need to move to Kore.ai platform and what benefits it provides compared to its competitors like Google Dialog flow or Amazon Lex?

5.	What are all the different types of Bot’s available in Kore.ai platform? Standard bots – common bot
Universal bots – linking multiple std bots 
Smart bots – reusable functionality

6.	What is the difference between Standard Bot / Smart Bot / Universal Bot?

7.	What is Bot Kit? And how can it be integrated on a Kore.ai Bot’s? And what are the advantages of integrating Bot Kit to a Bot?
Bot kit – set of libraries that enable interaction between users and assistants created on bot.
Build->integration->botkit


8.	Have you worked on IVR Channel integration as part of your Kore.ai implementation? If so what are the steps involved in enabling a IVR Channel on a Bot? 
Deploy->Channels->IVR In configurations give botname bot id, client id, client secret and webhook url

9.	What are the different Session Variable Types that Kore.ai supports? And give examples on what different Session Variable Types to be used on different use cases?

10.	What is a Dialog Task? Build conversations that are connected to business logic

11.	 And what are the different inbuilt nodes Kore.ai provides that can be used while developing a Dialog Task? Nodes are – user intent, dialog, entity,  confirmation, form, message,
Bot action node – script, service, logic, webhook

12.	What is the difference between a Script Node and a Logic Node?
Script node – write custome javascript code
logic node – use context variables and define complex transition conditions

13.	How will you collect a user input in a Dialog Task? Using entity node

14.	Name some of the different pre-configured user Inputs in an Entity Node that Kore.ai supports?

15.	What is FAQ / Knowledge Graph?

16.	What is an Environment Variable?

17.	What is Context Variable in Bot?

18.	On what occasions you will go for a Context Variable vs Environment Variable?

19.	What are the different ways you can import a Knowledge Graph to an existing Bot?

20.	What are the different HTTP methods that a Service Node supports in a Dialog Task?

21.	What is Small Talk feature in a Kore.ai Standard Bot?

22.	How to enable / configure an oAuth Authinator Profile in a standard Bot?

23.	How would you pass the control from one dialog task to another dialog task in a Kore.ai Bot?

24.	How would you pass the control from one Standard Bot to another Standard Bot?

25.	What are patterns and concepts? And what is the difference between the two?

26.	How will you create your own Patterns / Concepts and refer the same in your dialog task?

27.	What are negative patterns? And how it can be used to enhance the intent detection in Bot?

28.	What are standard responses in a Bot? How can you override a Standard response in a Bot?

29.	What are Event Handlers? And what are the different Event Handlers available in a Standard Bot?

30.	How will you import an Bot to the Bot Builder UI?

31.	What are Bot Functions? And on what all scenarios you will go with using a Bot Functions?

32.	What are different types of Testing options that Kore.ai Bot builder provides on a standard bot?

33.	What is the difference between Utterance Testing and Batch Testing?

34.	What are the different types of Interruption Settings available on a Dialog Task?

35.	Name some of the API scopes that a standard bot offers as inbuilt option?

36.	How will configure Agent Transfer Option in a standard Bot?
